add a video of geometry edition (#110)
opengisch/QField-docs: en/fieldwork/digitize.rst

You can edit an existing feature by moving, adding or deleting the vertex and also spliting. 

Split tool
----------

It is possible to split an existing geometry by drawing a line where it should be split.

Vertex tool
-----------

It is possible to move and delete vertices of geometries and add new ones.

demonstration
-------------

> A video demonstration of some edition possibilities:

Reviewer: Is this for splitting, vertex editing or all of it?

Reviewer: @lucienicolier did you see this question=

Author: @m-kuhn  no I didn't see. There is vertex, spilt, and ring on this video

Reviewer: Thanks, nice !

I think "editing" is a more appropriate term than edition.

Author: done

You can edit an existing feature by moving, adding or deleting the vertex and also spliting. 

Split tool
----------

It is possible to split an existing geometry by drawing a line where it should be split.

Vertex tool
-----------

It is possible to move and delete vertices of geometries and add new ones.

> demonstration of geometries edition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Demonstration of geometries edition
```

**C**apitalize titles

-----------------------------------

A video demonstration of some edition possibilities:

.. container:: clearer text-left 

  .. figure:: ../images/edit_geom.webp
     :width: 600px
     :alt: edit geom

Freehand digitizing
-------------------

> Freehand digitizing mode allowing users to 'draw' lines and polygons using their stylus/pen or mouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The freehand digitizing mode allows users to 'draw' lines and polygons using their stylus/pen or mouse.
```

  .. figure:: ../images/freehand_drawing.webp
     :width: 600px
     :alt: freehand drawing

Topology
--------

If the topology is activated on the project QGIS before exporting for QField, shared nodes are treated

> as such when moving / deleting vertices, and additional vertices are added on nodes overlapping segments.

Reviewer: @nirvn I think you wrote this? "nodes overlapping segments" sounds strange to me. Maybe better "nodes placed on segments"?

Reviewer 2: Either way reads fine to me, if you prefer placed on segments, +1 :)
